Now let's go and create our project with my charm ID.
So I already opened up my I.D. and I'm going to go and hit create new project and from there I'm going
to select pure python.
And after that I'm going to say Lamda
underscore functions.
All right.
And for my interpreter I'm going to use the existing interpreter.
And then I'm going to go and simply hit create.
There we go.
We have our project created on PI charm ID.
So let's go to our project main directory and from there from new Let's create a Python package and
I'm going to name my package as SIRC and you can name yourself any way you like.
So I'm going to go and hit enter.
And here we go we have our SIRC package.
And as you can see our initialiser is right there to indicate that this is a package from Python.
So I'm going to right click on my SIRC directory and create a new python file.
And for my python file I'm going to name it as lammed the functions.
And here we go our land of functions that pi is ready.
So now let's go and import both three so we can make use of the beauty of the library.
So I'm going to say import both three.
All right.
And the very next thing that I'm going to do is of course create a client that we can make use of lambda
functions.
So I'm going to say def when the client and what I'm going to do is I'm going to get a reference to
my client as a double use lambda.
And from there I say both all three client and lambda.
All right.
For my region I'll say I'm going to use a region close to me so I'll say you west one.
And the next thing that I'm going to do is of course get the benefits of Pi both of three which is the
autocomplete magic for PIJ Armande.
So what I'll do is I'm going to put my combers there and from there I'll provide a type definition and
let's say type in PI both of three dot lambda.
All right.
So the last thing that I have to do is of course return my Lamhe the client.
So let's say return AWOS lambda.
All right.
So we're basically ready to move on with our project.
So to do that I'll see you on the next video.